{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15000\viewh10340\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - does it makes sense to save departure times in solution instead of computing them every time?\
- do first() next() return a move or modify an existing move and return a bool for has next? bool.\
- give a move, how do you ask for cost? overload a function computeDelta in cost classes? yes.\
- how to perform a move? copy the solution and modify that? no. modify alway current solution\
- hierarchy? General class move and moveGenerator? yes.\
- hierarchy? how to organize the cost classes? Yes. hierarchy\
\
- does it makes sense to define visit_j_ and visit_succ_j_ or is it the same to put current_solution -> tour_[j_]? (also for legibility)\
\
\
POSSIBLE OPTIMIZATION OF CODE\
in the algorithm when computing cost of routes. It would be better to make the move update the routes_cost_ vector so that we don\'92t have to recompute the cost for all routes.\
\
TO DO\
- InitializerMulitpleRoutes could be a child class of InitializerInsertion, only chasing the initializeSolution method. Right now Options give me problems when destructing multiple objects sharing the same options,\
\
- routeContainer::updateIntegerSolution\
drop the customers that impact the cost the most\
? add the routes changed cause they dropped customers? it looks it makes a different in the first run\
\
 }